=for comment
HTTPFS2(1)
===========
Michal Suchanek <hramrach@centrum.cz>

=head1 NAME

httpfs2 - mount a file from a http server into the filesystem

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<httpfs2> [I<OPTIONS>] I<URL> [I<FUSE-OPTIONS>] I<MOUNT-POINT>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

httpfs2 is a B<FUSE> based filesystem for mounting http or https URLS as files in
the filesystem. There is no notion of listable directories in http so only a
single URL can be mounted. The server must be able to send byte ranges.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-c> I<console>

Attempt to use the file or device F<console> for output after fork.
The default is F</dev/console>.

=item B<-f>

Do not fork, stay in foreground.

=item B<-t> I<timeout>

Use different timeout for connections. Defaults to 30 seconds.

=item B<-r>

Retry connection on reset.

=item B<-m>

Run in multi-threaded mode.

=item B<-a> I<file>

CA file used to verify server certificate

=item B<-d> I<level>

Set GNUTLS debug level.

=item B<-5>

Allow RSA-MD5 certs.

=item B<-2>

Allow RSA-MD2 certs.

=item I<URL>

The url should specify the protocol as http or https, and it may specify
basic authentication username and password. Currently special characters
like whitespace are not handled so the URL cannot contain them.  See a
sample URL below:

http://user:password@server.com/dir/file

=item I<FUSE-OPTIONS>

These options are passed to the *FUSE* library.

=item I<MOUNT-POINT>

Although httpfs2 only works on single files, the mountpoint is still a
folder.

=back

=head1 EXIT STATUS

=over

=item B<0>

Successfully connected to the server

=item B<other>

Failure (url parsing error, server error, FUSE setup error). Some FUSE errors may happen only after the process forks so they will not be returned in exit value.

=back

=head1 BUGS

The process can be stopped by typing ^Z on the terminal which may not be desirable under some circumstances.

=head1 AUTHORS

 Miklos Szeredi <miklos@szeredi.hu>
 hmb  marionraven at users.sourceforge.net
 Michal Suchanek <hramrach@centrum.cz>

=head1 COPYING

Free use of this software is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public
License (GPL).

=cut
